TL880 Kernel Module
2003, Mike Bourgeous

Original Framework (based on Stradis driver) in tl880kern.c
2003, Mark Lehrer

This kernel module only detects TL880-based cards and creates devices in /dev
to map their memory regions.  It also has a preliminary interrupt handler and
ioctl interface, as well as working I2C support for some cards.  It is written
with support for multiple cards in one system.

This is my first Linux device driver, and thus probably doesn't follow the
popular design style for kernel modules.

This module is only suitable for developers and testing.  It has no video
capture ability.  Only use this driver if you want to help with its development,
or you want to help with testing.

The driver must be manually loaded as root by using insmod tl880.o after it is
compiled.  There is no install functionality because this driver is far from
ready for "prime time" use.

You may also compile the module with a custom I2C implementation rather than
relying on the bit-banging interface in the kernel.  This implementation is much
faster than the bit-banging interface, but might not be as reliable, and
produces different results with some tests.  To compile this version of the
module, run "make newi2c" instead of just "make" on the command line.

** newi2c is broken and will be removed **

I2C support (tl880i2c.c) is mostly complete.  There are several I2C interfaces
provided, which are selected by card revision.  Load the i2c-dev and
i2c-algo-bit modules before loading this module.  The MyHD has devices on all
three of its I2C buses.  Cards other than the MyHD, WinTV-HD, HiPix, and Janus
will probably use different GPIO lines for the I2C bus(es) than the
possibilities already handled in tl880i2c.c.  Once the correct port is known,
the bus needs to be registered with the bit shift algorithm driver or the new
tl880 algorithm driver in tl880ni2c.c.


vim: tw=80

